Thank you for exploring this area of Vancouver with us. Before you go,
here are a few questions to ask yourself.
Did these stories impact your perspective of the overdose crisis, substance
use, and the community of the Downtown Eastside? Did you notice anything
that you can change in your practice after learning more about the stigma
in this community? Have you witnessed or experienced stigma in healthcare,
like the examples described in these interviews? How will you approach a
situation when you've witnessed a stigmatizing interaction or a conversation
from a colleague? Do the policies at your workplace perpetuate stigma against
those who use substances? Are there policies and practices that support
access for people who are using substances? What would you like to share
with other healthcare providers about the impacts of stigma?
Would you recommend this course for your colleagues as a learning tool to
improve interactions and engagement with client care?